Start,Greetings and introduction
SG,Thanks for asking, I'm fine
SM,Thanks for asking, I'm fine
SB,Sure! Go ahead.
SGM,I'm a research engineer here at CoolResearch. I research the brains of fruit flies. I want to have a tool that would help me to efficiently report my research output.
SGG,I'm a research engineer here at CoolResearch. I research the brains of fruit flies. I want to have a tool that would help me to efficiently report my research output.
SGB,Okay, go ahead
SGGG,I analyze brain scans and keep the information in separate files. A desktop tool processes these files and creates a report with a tabular format.
SGGGG,There are two challenges: First, I cannot reach my data from other locations. Second, I want to represent other graphs and charts to summarize the data I collect. I think an online tool would be useful for easy access and visualization.
SGGGGG,I want to choose the chart types and data fields and preview and edit the charts within the tool.
SGGGGGG,In addition to generating tables and charts, I also visualize and understand the raw data, pre-process and analyzei and then model the data.
SGGGGGGG,Yes, I would like to follow my workflow within the tool.
SGGGGGGGG,I collaborate with different scientists around the world. Also, I want my work to be reproduced and recognized.
SGGGGGGGGG,To increase the accuracy of my analysis results, the data needs to be cleaned and prepared.
SGGGGGGGGGG,Yes, there are several research asistant to format the data, and they'll be handling data formatting.
SGGGGGGGGGGG,Right now, I have labelled data. I want to present the ratio of each label in my data set.
SGGGGGGGGGGGG,The most frequently generated chart has to be the chart that shows the change in the value of the fields against time.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGG,Sure. Just give me a call when you need their information.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,My collegues usually handles the publication management.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,My collegues need to obtain approval from the board of the institue before publishing the data.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,Sure, I can send you their email addresses!
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,No, I think we talked about most of the things, and I really enjoyed our conversation. I'm excited for what solution you and your team come up with.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,Thanks! You too.
E,Greetings and introduction
SGBB,I'm not sure I understand what you mean. I guess I'll go with whatever is better for my research.
SGBBB,I also want to share my report and data online.
SGGGM,The tool would increase the usefulness and the aesthetics of my charts.
SGGGMB,Mmm fine. If it helps. I'm not very good at technology so I'll follow your suggestions.
SGGGGGB,In addition to generating tables and charts, I also visualize and understand the raw data, pre-process and analyzei and then model the data.
SGGGGGGB,I'm not sure how exactly do these with the tool, but I the tool to be efficient.
SGGGGGGGM,I collaborate with different scientists around the world. Also, I want my work to be reproduced and recognized.
SGGGGGGGB,I honestly don't know what a file transfer protocol is. I just want to share my data.
SGGGGGGGGM,To increase the accuracy of my analysis results, the data needs to be cleaned and prepared.
SGGGB,Not really, I still want to edit my text, table and charts myself when necessary.
SGGGGGGGGB,I use popular Python data processing and machine learning libraries. I am willing to use others if they are more efficient and accurate.
SGGGGGGGGBB,Yes, it sounds correct.
SGGGGGGGGGM,Yes, there are several research asistant to format the data, and they'll be handling data formatting.
SGGGGGGGGGGM,Right now, I have labelled data. I want to present the ratio of each label in my data set.
SGGGGGGGGGGB,There are several fields in the data. I would like to create charts using the fields I choose to include, showing trends and correlations in my data.
SGGGGGGGGGGGM,I currently create charts to present the changes in brain size, color, and shape.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGB,I don't personally collect the data,  my assistants help me with it.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGBB,I want to increase visibility of my research but also control the terms and conditions to use my output.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGM,My collegues usually handles the publication management.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGM,My collegues need to obtain approval from the board of the institue before publishing the data.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGM,No, only me and my collegues can publish data.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGB,Yeah, that might be a good idea. But more importantly I should be able to access the data from my tool.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGB,I'm not sure what system they currenly work on. I think they have data on excel since that's what they send me as report.
SGGGGGGGGGGGB,I want to collect as many features as possible. I want to project future changes in the brain's shape, size, color, and density. Honestly, there are so many charts to be built!
SGGGGGGGGGGGGM,Yes they do. Just give me a call when you need their information.
SGGM,I analyze brain scans and keep the information in separate files. A desktop tool processes these files and creates a report with a tabular format.
