Start,Greetings and introduction
SG,I'm doing well thank you for asking!
SM,I'm doing well thank you for asking!
SB,Sure! Go ahead.
SGM,So I'm the owner of the cool ski resorts, we have three resorts in the state of Colorado, and I want to improve the operations of my company.
SGG,I'm the owner of cool ski resorts, I have three locations in Colorado, I overlook all operations that are performed in my company. I want to improve my business, to get a competitive edge in the market.
SGB,Okay, go ahead
SGGG,The customers look at the static website to see the information posted for each resort. Then they call the resort they want to visit and my front-end assistants help them book their rooms.
SGGGG,The main challenge is that my customers are complaining about long wait times when they call our resorts. I have three front-desk assitants in each resort and in high season they get completely overwhelmed with phone calls. So, I thought an online website would help my customers to book roooms easily and faster.
SGGGGG,I want my customers to be able to pay for their reservations, right from the website as well as pay at the front desk if they choose to do so.
SGGGGGG,In addition to, ski equipment rental and ski training classes, we also have two indoor and one outdoor swimming pools in each of our resorts but they are closed during the winter season.
SGGGGGGG,Yes, I want to give my customers a lot of flexibility in choosing our services.
SGGGGGGGG,Since we are a ski resort, we frequently have snow storms and blizzards and other sudden change in weather. I want my customers to be aware of the weather conditions in any of our resorts when they book their rooms.
SGGGGGGGGG,To increase visibility of my resorts, I want to advertise on social media and I want the customers at my website to be able to see those social media posts in the website, so that they can get a good feel about the current events at our resorts.
SGGGGGGGGGG,Yes, I just hired several interns to set up the social media accounts for the resort, and they'll be handling the posts on the social media.
SGGGGGGGGGGG,Right now, all my resorts have their own local databases, so if me or my assistants want to create a report we would have to collect the reports from each resort and compile them ourselves, which is frustating and time consuming. I want to have an one-stop shop to access all data from my resorts to be avaialable and synchronized into one aggregate dataset.
SGGGGGGGGGGGG,The most frequently generated report has to be the financial report that I create each month from each resort.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGG,Sure. Just send me an email whenever you need their information.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,My managers in each resort usually handles the inventory management.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,My managers run the resorts pretty independently so they can order additional supplies if they need to. Though they have to put all expense information in their monthly report.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,Sure, I can provide you with their email addresses!
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,No, I think we talked about most of the things, and I really enjoyed our conversation. I'm excited for what solution you and your team come up with.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,Thanks! You too.
E,Greetings and introduction
SGBB,I'm not sure I understand what you mean. I guess I'll go with whatever is better for the business.
SGBBB,In addition to be able to book and pay for hotel rooms at my resorts, I also want them to be able to see weather information for each of my resorts and see recent post from the company's social media accounts. I think that's about it.
SGGGM,I think this new website would really help increasing visibility of my resorts as well as improve customer experience when they want to reserve a room at my resorts.
SGGGMB,Yeah sure. If it helps. I'm not very good at technology so I'll listen to whatever you suggest.
SGGGGGB,In addition to hotel reservation, we also offer our customers ski training classes and ski equipment rental services. We also have two indoor pools and one outdoor pool in each resort but these are seasonal.
SGGGGGGB,I'm not sure how exactly the customers will interact with the website, but I want to give them a lot of flexibility into choosing our services and I want my website to be extremely user-friendly.
SGGGGGGGM,I'm not sure. Since I have three different ski resorts, I want my customers to able to see weather forecasts for all three resorts if they are planning their reservations. In this way, we can offer them alot of flexibility in choosing any of our resorts.
SGGGGGGGB,I honestly don't know what a weather API is. I just want my customers to be able to see the weather forecasts for my resorts.
SGGGGGGGGM,I want to advertise on social media and I want the customers at my website to be able to see those social media posts in the website, so that they can get a good feel about the current events at our resorts.
SGGGB,Not really, I still want my customers to be able to book rooms via calling but I want the website to give them more flexibility.
SGGGGGGGGB,I want to advertise on Facbook, Twitter and Instagram. But I'm willing to expand to other platforms if I see good results.
SGGGGGGGGBB,I guess, maybe something like that.
SGGGGGGGGGM,We don't have any social media accounts now. I just hired several interns to set up the social media accounts for the resort, and they'll be handling the posts on the social media. But I'm open to whatever help I can get.
SGGGGGGGGGGM,I want to collect data from my resorts in a synchronized fashion. Currently all of my resorts are running a local database and it is very time-consming to get those data and compile them into an aggregate format. So, I think if I keep all of my data in a single place it'll be easy for me to retrieve them whenever I want.
SGGGGGGGGGGB,In the centralized database, I want to collect all data from reservation, booking, hiring, inventory etc. Any data that will help me manage my business better and help my business grow.
SGGGGGGGGGGGM,I currently require my managers to send me the financial report from their respective resorts. In addition to that, I also collect inventory report and new hiring report from each resort.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGB,I don't personally collect these data my assistants help me with it.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGBB,I want to increase visibility in my resort inventory. I want to be able to monitor what supplies I have in each of my resorts and how much supplies my managers are ordering.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGM,My resort managers usually manage the inventory of each resort. At the end of each month along with the expense report they send me an inventory information for their resorts.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGM,My managers in each resort track and manage their local inventory and provides me with an inventory report at the end of the month.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGM,No, only me and my managers can access the inventory information.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGB,Yeah, that might be a good idea. But more importantly I should be able to see all inventory information from the website as well.
SGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGB,I'm not sure what system they currenly work on. I think they store inventory information on excel since that's what they send me as report.
SGGGGGGGGGGGB,I want to collect as much data from my resorts as possible. From the centralized database, I want to collect financial reports, reports in the trend in reservations, honestly the list could go on forever.
